(ENGINE STALLING)
Hi.
Did I ever tell you about the pedal
sewing machine my grandmother had?
She made all my clothes.
Whenever she got tired,
she would have me help.
Said, it's because I had
a really special strong right foot.
I got it.
(ENGINE CONTINUES STALLING)
There's a fallen tree
about a 100 yards out.
We could use the scraps
to patch out the wall.
I'm done with my part for today,
Jerry spearheading the rest.
You know, he's taken charge
a lot more lately. I like it.
Yeah. So? (GRUNTS)
So, what?
You followed me out here.
Nobody is following anybody, Daryl.
But you want to come, right?
I want to hunt, whatever is still
left out there to hunt.
Yeah, and you need a good spotter.
-(ENGINE STARTS)
-Whoo!
-I didn't say you could come.
-Scoot.
Just scoot back.
I'm the one who's steering.
-Ready?
-Mmm-hmm.
DARYL: Do me a favor. Do not talk
the whole time we're out here.
CAROL: No, I'm not gonna
spook the animals. Don't worry.
DARYL: I ain't worried.
CAROL: So, why did you bring it up?
Oh, my God.
See, this is what I'm talking about.
You are the one who started talking.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(DOG PANTING)
CAROL: Here you go.
Come, Dog.
-Don't get greedy.
-DARYL: Come on, he don't need all that.
We've got five miles
due south east of the gate.
It's right near, uh...
CAROL: Small fork in the road
by the dying white oak.
-DARYL: Right.
-Got it.
Stay close. That's all I'm saying.
This close enough?
Just remember the spot.
In case, we get split up.
-All right?
-I'm not going anywhere. Promise.
Right.
(GRUNTS) Good boy.
Here we go.
I could do with venison tonight.
(DOG GROWLS)
(FLIES BUZZING)
Any other deer's
probably long gone by now.
What if we tried the, uh,
big valley up north?
I was thinking about the river.
Yeah?
Are you good with that?
Yeah. Let's do it.
DARYL: All right.
(CLICKS TONGUE) Come on.
-You all right?
-CAROL: Shit!
I'm fine. It's nothing,
it's just a foot cramp.
Not your very special,
strong right foot, now, is it?
No, it's fine.
Just give me a minute.
DARYL: Not much happening out here.
Maybe you were right.
Maybe we should've gone
the other way.
CAROL: I think we should fish
before moving on.
Doesn't look like they were running.
Worth a shot.
Haven't spearfished in years.
You don't think I can? Give me that.
Be my guest.
(SCOFFS)
CAROL: Uh-huh.
(DOG WHIMPERS)
DARYL: Watch this disaster, right here.
Ha!
-No way.
-CAROL: Oh.
(LAUGHS)
That's beginner's luck.
CAROL: Let me get another one.
-Say it.
-What?
You don't think
I'm doing this right.
Try cutting closer to the bone.
Like that.
(EXHALES) I've filleted a fish before,
Daryl.
All right.
Here, why don't you just
do this yourself?
It's fine, really.
We should go.
It's going to get dark, anyway.
We need to find a place to stay.
-Hey, Daryl.
-Yeah?
Our luck's run out.
What do you mean?
Losing Hilltop was so hard
for everyone to take.
At least we were there to fight
for it. We tried to save it.
But this, losing Alexandria...
We didn't lose Alexandria.
Maybe not yet.
It feels different.
Like everything good in the world
is not on our side anymore.
We rebuild. Start over.
Until it happens again?
We had a good long run,
longer than most.
You know this world.
The dead...
It's gonna catch up
to us, eventually.
Only if we let it.
I ain't gonna let it.
Daryl.
Let's go. Come on.
(DOG BARKING)
-Another animal?
-I don't know. Dog!
Dog!
(PANTING)
DARYL: Dog!
CAROL: You coming?
(BIRD SQUAWKS)
We could stay the night here.
Seal up that door.
(DOG PANTING)
(BARKING)
Where did you come from, huh?
Whoa.
Hey.
What's going on?
CAROL: Nothing.
Are you sure?
It doesn't matter.
I don't know.
Things are just different.
-Different, how?
-Harder.
Harder to talk. Harder to trade.
Maggie left Hilltop.
She took Hershel
and went with Georgie.
Why?
She's on her own journey now,
I guess, like you.
DARYL: You know I got to do this, right?
CAROL: I know.
How's Michonne? How's her kids?
I don't know. Daryl...
Just give her more time.
She ain't ready yet.
Daryl, it's been two years.
How long do you plan
to stay out here?
I don't know.
As long as it takes, I guess.
Anything turn up?
There's a spot up the river
I haven't checked yet.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
I do understand, you know...
DARYL: I know.
CAROL: And if it weren't for
Ezekiel and Henry
and everything going on
back at The Kingdom, I would...
DARYL: I know that, too.
-CAROL: Things are just...
-Different. I get it.
I should go.
There's a storm coming.
Thanks.
Be careful.
I will.
(WALKER GROWLS)
(WALKER GROANS)
(GROWLS)
(SQUELCHING)
(LIGHTNING CRACKLING)
(YELLS)
(BARKS)
What is it, boy? Come on.
What is it, boy? What?
(WALKER GROWLING)
(GRUNTS)
Who the hell are you?
-I asked you a question.
-I'm leaving.
No, you're not.
You like this spot? Oh, yeah.
You like this spot, buddy?
Good boy.
(DOG WHIMPERS)
You're just nuts.
Good boy.
Oh, yeah, that's a spot.
She lived here?
It was a long time ago.
I already told you everything.
No, you didn't.
What else do you wanna know?
Whatever you want to tell me.
(GRUNTS)
(BODY THUDS)
-(GUN COCKS)
-WOMAN: Bad idea.
-You gonna kill me?
-Should I?
That's what I thought.
Something tells me
you don't really wanna die.
-Not today, anyway.
-You don't know anything about me.
You're right. I don't.
So, let me ask you again.
Who the hell are you?
And what are you doing
out here on my land?
My name is Daryl.
I didn't come here
looking for any trouble.
Your dog found me.
I was just trying to help.
You're tied up in my cabin,
with a 12 gauge
pointed at your head.
What kind of help
do you think I need, Daryl?
(DOG WHIMPERS)
(DOG PANTING)
You're letting me go?
Get out.
Before I change my mind.
You gonna tell me your name?
No.
(RUSTLING)
Hi.
Where have you been?
Thanks for bringing him back.
Come here, boy!
(WOMAN CLICKS TONGUE)
He likes you.
He's just a dog.
He don't know any better.
Yeah, well...
Since you won't tell me your name,
what about his?
-Dog.
-Dog?
That's it. Just Dog?
-You got something better?
-No.
At least you won't forget
what he is.
Looks like you got
the raw end of the deal there.
-Maybe.
-It's not for everyone, you know?
Living out in the wild,
facing the dead.
I guess it'll catch up to all of us,
one way or another.
Only if you let it.
I'm gonna go.
WOMAN: Be careful out there.
Dog, inside.
(WALKERS GROWLING)
(GUNSHOT)
(BIRDS SQUAWKING)
(WALKERS CONTINUE GROWLING)
You stay away from my camp.
Name's Leah.
(WIND BLOWING)
(FIRE CRACKLING)
I can catch my own damn fish.
Why you always throwing stuff at me?
I was trying to be nice.
I don't need you to be nice.
I don't need you to be anything.
I want to be left the hell alone.
Won't bother you again.
Then I won't come around again.
-Good.
-LEAH: Great.
Bye.
I thought you were going.
I am.
I get it, you know,
being out here by yourself.
You've been out here alone
for a long time, too, huh?
Lost track a long time ago.
LEAH: This frostnip?
I had it before, ain't no big deal.
LEAH: No big deal till you lose
a couple of fingers or a whole hand.
Come on.
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(LEAH GRUNTS)
It's his birthday today.
I didn't have a family growing up.
Not the good kind, anyway.
So, I knew I'd have to find
my own way,
my own family.
And I found that with my squad.
We fought side by side, for years.
When the world went to hell,
we swore to stay together,
to fight together.
They gave me hope and...
...I tried to give that to my son.
Matthew was my son. (SOBS)
I didn't give birth to him,
but he was mine.
He was born to my sister.
That's what I called her, anyway.
I lost her when he was born.
This doesn't matter.
He's gone.
I held Matthew tight.
Dog's mama was next to me.
She was pregnant.
The dead came from all sides.
There was so much screaming
and so much blood.
I...
I was separated from my family
and I ran.
I felt like I ran forever.
Then I ended up here,
and I saw my boy was bit.
(LEAH CONTINUES SOBBING)
I said goodbye to him
the same day Dog was born.
I haven't seen another soul
out here since.
Not till you came along.
(SNIFFLES)
Who did you lose?
My brother.
-How?
-It was an accident.
Never found the body.
And you think he's still out there?
I don't know.
But I'm not gonna stop
till I find out.
You're always the hero, huh?
-DARYL: What?
-First try. Told ya.
Ha! Lucky shot.
(CHUCKLES)
LEAH: Let's get another one.
(LEAH GRUNTS)
What?
(DOG PANTING)
LEAH: Beautiful, huh?
You ain't gonna talk to me?
It's only gonna be for a few days.
Where do you belong, Daryl?
Out there in the river?
Looking for your dead brother,
day after day after day?
Or do you belong
with the family you left?
Because it was too hard
to face what happened,
or do you belong here with me?
I don't know.
Yeah, you do.
Now, choose.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Happy to see you, too.
Sorry. I'm just busy.
What's up?
I was going to ask you
the same thing.
Does this mean you're coming back?
No. Just moving.
Too many dead around here.
Here.
Couldn't stand the thought of you
wearing that
ratty old thing anymore.
You gonna tell me
why you really came?
What? Can't I bring a friend a gift?
I came because I wanted to tell you
that it might be a while
before I come back.
Okay.
Things are really tough
at The Kingdom
and Ezekiel needs me there
and Henry, too.
You asking for my permission?
-No.
-You don't need to ask my permission
to move on with your life.
That's not what this is about.
-I just...
-You want me to move on with mine, right?
I want you to find some peace.
I don't want to lose you
out here, okay?
I don't want to lose you because
you can't figure out when to stop.
I'm glad you found your peace.
You're not gonna lose me, all right?
I just got stuff to do.
DARYL: Leah!
Leah?
-(DOG BARKS)
-Oh.
(DARYL MUMBLING) Yeah, good boy.
DARYL: Come on, boy.
(LIPS SMACKING) Come on.
Come on, boy. We're gonna get her back.
Come on.
I should have been there.
I could have helped her.
You think she's still alive?
I don't know.
Maybe somebody took her?
Is it possible that she just left?
-What?
-It's not an accusation.
No.
-I walked away.
-You didn't walk away, Daryl.
I did. I was down by that river.
Stop thinking that every time
you lose someone,
it's because of you,
something you did wrong.
-I made a mistake.
-We all make mistakes.
Losing Leah, that's not on you.
Neither is Rick or Connie.
No. That's on you.
Because you never know when to stop.
I'm sorry for Connie.
But I'm not sorry
for going after the horde,
and I'm not sorry
for making Alpha pay
for killing Henry
because I was right.
And that's all that matters,
you being right, huh?
This isn't just about Leah,
or Connie or anyone else, is it?
Why don't you just say
what you want to say?
-You shouldn't have come.
-Hunting?
-I wanted to help.
-No. You wanted to run.
So, you ran.
-What?
-Alexandria? What the skins did?
You couldn't deal with the guilt.
So, you made it my problem.
Your only problem is thinking
you have to save everybody.
I don't need a savior, Daryl,
and I don't need a martyr.
I just need a friend.
Friends don't have the same damn
conversation over and over again.
Oh, is that what's happening here?
Because this is new to me.
It's what's been happening.
I'm sick of it!
Then you should have just let me
get back on the boat.
I should have.
I stopped you from running,
and I shouldn't have.
You wanna run? Run.
I know where I'm supposed to be.
I won't stop you this time.
I was right.
(SNIFFLES)
Our luck's run out, you and me.
It's gonna be dark soon,
I'm gonna fix the door.
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)